URL: https://documentation.realeflow.com/getting-started/authentication
TITLE: Authentication | Partner API

Skip to main content
Partner API
Docs
Status
Welcome
Getting Started
Overview
Authentication
Quick Start
Property Data API
Overview
Scope and Restrictions
Endpoints
Search
Comps
Details
Autocomplete
Reference
Billing Webhooks
Overview
Stripe
Changelog
Getting StartedAuthentication
Authentication

Every request requires two headers. There is no anonymous access mode.

Headers​
Header	Required	Format	Description
X-RF-Partner-Api-Key	Yes	GUID	The API key issued to the partner.
X-RF-Partner-Account-Id	Yes	string | integer	The partner account on whose behalf the call is made. Either the partner's own ExternalAccountId (string) or the internal numeric account ID.
POST /api/2.0/leadpipes/search HTTP/1.1
Host: api.your-white-label.com
Content-Type: application/json
X-RF-Partner-Api-Key: 00000000-0000-0000-0000-000000000000
X-RF-Partner-Account-Id: 12345

Base URL​

The base URL is the white-label domain provisioned to the partner. There is no shared api.example.com-style host for partner traffic. The domain in the request determines which partner context the API key is validated under.

https://api.your-white-label.com/api/2.0/leadpipes/...


If you do not yet know your white-label domain, contact your account manager.

Authentication flow​

On every request:

Domain resolution. The host of the request URL is resolved to a registered partner domain. If it cannot be resolved, the request is rejected with 403 Forbidden.

API key validation. X-RF-Partner-Api-Key is parsed as a GUID and looked up. The key must either be marked as cross-domain (AllDomains) or be explicitly authorized for the resolved domain.

Permission check. Endpoint-level permissions on the API key are checked, if any are required.

Account resolution. X-RF-Partner-Account-Id is matched first against ExternalAccountId. If no match is found and the value is numeric, it is matched against the internal numeric account ID. The account must be:

Under the authorized partner / domain context.
Not deleted, not inactive.
Marked as Full Access.

If no matching account is found, the request is rejected with 404 Not Found.

Scoping. The resolved account's entitlements are attached to the request and applied to filters as described in Scope and Restrictions.

Auth-stage failures return a plain-text body, not a JSON envelope.

Failure matrix​
Status	When
403 Forbidden	Domain cannot be resolved, either auth header is missing or empty, the API key is not a valid GUID, the API key is not found, the API key is not authorized for this domain, or the API key is missing a required permission.
404 Not Found	The account header does not resolve to a Full-Access, non-deleted account under the authorized partner / domain.
Caching​

Account lookups are cached server-side for approximately two minutes per (api-key, account-id) pair. A newly created or newly enabled account may take up to two minutes to start succeeding on cached infrastructure.

Key rotation​

API keys are static GUIDs. To rotate:

Request a new key. Both keys will be valid concurrently during the rotation window.
Migrate your integration to the new key.
Confirm there is no traffic on the old key, then request its revocation.

There is no programmatic key rotation endpoint. Contact your account manager.

Security guidance​
Treat the API key as a secret. Do not embed it in client-side JavaScript, mobile apps, or any artifact a third party can decompile.
Do not log full request bodies or headers in unrestricted storage. Account IDs and search filters often contain end-user PII.
Use TLS for every call. Plain HTTP requests are not accepted.
Previous
Overview
Next
Quick Start
Headers
Base URL
Authentication flow
Failure matrix
Caching
Key rotation
Security guidance
Docs
Getting Started
Property Data API
Support
Contact
Copyright © 2026 REI Network. Built with Docusaurus.