URL: https://documentation.realeflow.com/property-data-api/reference/errors
TITLE: Errors | Partner API

Skip to main content
Partner API
Docs
Status
Welcome
Getting Started
Overview
Authentication
Quick Start
Property Data API
Overview
Scope and Restrictions
Endpoints
Search
Comps
Details
Autocomplete
Reference
Property Object
Enums
Errors
Billing Webhooks
Overview
Stripe
Changelog
Property Data APIReferenceErrors
Errors

The Property Data API uses standard HTTP status codes. The body shape depends on the stage of the request lifecycle that failed.

Status code matrix​
Status	When	Body shape
400 Bad Request	Request body is missing or not valid JSON; a path or query parameter is missing or invalid; the body is missing where required (e.g. POST search with no body).	Plain-text or JSON envelope.
403 Forbidden	Auth-stage failure — domain cannot be resolved, an auth header is missing or empty, the API key is not a valid GUID, the API key is unknown, the API key is not authorized for the request domain, or the API key lacks a required permission.	Plain text.
404 Not Found	Auth-stage account resolution failed (the account header does not resolve to a Full-Access, non-deleted account under the authorized domain), or the requested property / comps subject was not found.	Plain text (auth) or JSON envelope (data).
422 Unprocessable Entity	Upstream validation failure. Examples: search resolved to a nationwide query with no geographic anchor; page × page_size exceeds 10,000; polygons[].coordinates outside the 3–100 vertex range; date format is not YYYY-MM-DD.	JSON — usually the upstream validator's response. Falls back to { "error": "<message>" } when the upstream message is not valid JSON.
500 Internal Server Error	Unexpected error. Safe to retry with backoff.	JSON: { "Message": "<message>" }.
Auth-stage failures​

Authentication and account resolution run before the endpoint handler. Failures at this stage carry plain-text bodies — not JSON — so error parsers should be tolerant of Content-Type: text/plain on 403 and 404 responses.

Body	Status	Cause
Domain not found	403	The request host is not a registered partner domain.
X-RF-Partner-Api-Key and X-RF-Partner-Account-Id headers must be set	403	One or both auth headers were absent or blank.
X-RF-Partner-Api-Key is in invalid format	403	The key is not a parseable GUID.
API key could not be found	403	The key is well-formed but unknown.
Not authorized to use this domain	403	The key exists but is not authorized for the request domain.
Not authorized to use this endpoint	403	The key lacks a permission required by this route.
No account found - check X-RF-Partner-Account-Id header	404	The account header does not match any active, Full-Access account under the authorized domain.
Endpoint-stage failures​

Once auth has succeeded, the endpoint runs. Most failures translate as follows:

A malformed JSON body (or missing body when one is required) → 400.
An invalid path or argument (e.g. an {identifier} that does not match the address hash regex) → 404 from the route layer, before the handler runs.
Subject-not-found (an address hash that does not resolve to a property) → 404.
Upstream validator rejection → 422 with the upstream JSON envelope, when the upstream returns one. When the upstream message is not parseable JSON, the response is { "error": "<the original message>" }.
Anything unexpected → 500 with { "Message": "<message>" }.
Example — 400​
HTTP/1.1 400 Bad Request
Content-Type: text/plain

Request body must be a JSON object.

Example — 422 (with upstream JSON)​
HTTP/1.1 422 Unprocessable Entity
Content-Type: application/json

{
  "errors": {
    "page_size": ["The page size may not be greater than 10000."]
  }
}

Example — 422 (with non-JSON upstream)​
HTTP/1.1 422 Unprocessable Entity
Content-Type: application/json

{ "error": "Nationwide search not allowed" }

Example — 500​
HTTP/1.1 500 Internal Server Error
Content-Type: application/json

{ "Message": "An unexpected error occurred" }

Retry guidance​
Status	Retry?
400, 422	No — fix the request and resend.
403, 404 (auth-stage)	No — fix auth, then resend.
404 (data — property not found)	No — the identifier does not exist.
500	Yes, with exponential backoff. Idempotent endpoints (GET) are safe to retry; POST endpoints are also safe (search, comps, details are read-only).
Rate limiting​

Today the Property Data API does not enforce a synchronous rate limit. Excessive sustained traffic is handled out-of-band — partners that need elevated throughput should coordinate with their account manager. Subject to change.

Previous
Enums
Next
Overview
Status code matrix
Auth-stage failures
Endpoint-stage failures
Example — 400
Example — 422 (with upstream JSON)
Example — 422 (with non-JSON upstream)
Example — 500
Retry guidance
Rate limiting
Docs
Getting Started
Property Data API
Support
Contact
Copyright © 2026 REI Network. Built with Docusaurus.